+++

title = "Add commits to another person's PR on Github repo"
tags = [
    "development",
    "GitHub",
    "Git",    
]
date = "2023-08-27T12:00:00+08:00"
categories = [
    "Development",
]
menu = "Development"

+++

### TLDR;
```sh
git push git@github.com:remoteUser/remoteRepo localBranch:remoteBranch
```

### Explanation
The normal `git push` command usually looks like this:
```sh
git push origin branch
```
Pushing to another developer's branch follows a similar pattern: `origin` is the other person's repo, and `branch` maps your local branch to the same branch on their remote repo.

`origin` = `git@github.com:remoteUser/remoteRepo`

`branch` = `localBranch:remoteBranch`

Breaking down each variable:

`remoteUser` refers to the username of the developer who made the pr on your repo

`remoteRepo` refers to the name of the repo that the other developer is creating the PR from, usually, this is the same name as your repo.

`localBranch` refers to the branch name of your local copy of their remote branch

`remoteBranch` refers to the branch name of that their PR is originating from on their `remoteRepo`

Keep in mind, that you can only push to PRs from other developers on your repo if that developer selected "Allow edits from maintainers" when they created their PR.
<!--more-->
### Example
Let's say you created the open source project, Material Bread. After releasing the project, another developer, with the Github username alburdette619, forks your project and creates a pull request with some new features. While reviewing `alburdette619`'s PR you realize that his changes will need to be documented in the project's README.

First, we need to fetch his changes into a branch on our local machine. We can do that using this command:

```sh
git fetch origin pull/branch/head:branchName
```
In this case, the branch on his PR is number `306`, and I want to name it `pr/306`:

```sh
git fetch origin pull/306/head:pr/306
```
We can now make changes on our local branch `pr/306` and commit them:

```sh
git commit -m "Update Readme with feature xyz"
```
Finally, we can push these changes to `alburdette619`'s PR with the new commit using the command defined at the top of the article.

```sh
git push git@github.com:remoteUser/remoteRepo localBranch:remoteBranch
```
The `remoteUser` is `alburdette619`, the `remoteRepo` is `material-bread`, the `localBranch` is `pr/306`, and the `remoteBranch` is `306`.

```sh
git push git@github.com:alburdette619/material-bread pr/306:306
```

-------

（备注: 转载自[网络](https://codinhood.com/micro/add-commits-persons-pr-on-your-repo/ 'add-commits-persons-pr-on-your-repo')）

*声明：本站是个人开设维护的网站，主要用于收集网络美文、技术文章与原创生活记录等，系孤芳自赏、个人用途，内容如有侵权请联系站长删除。* 
